1. Turn on 3d potter. 

2. Connect to 3DP-9 wifi. 

3. Open the google chrome web browser.

4. Click on the 3DP-D9 shorcut or type,"192.168.42.14" into the url 

5. The 3DP duet web control page should now be loaded onto your screen. 

6. Click "Connect" in the top left corner. The machine should now be conneceted. 

7. Make sure no objects are near the 3D potter machine's work area.

8. Click on "Machine Control."  

9.  





1. Open Ultimaker CUra 

2. Press Crtl + O to open your file, or go to file > Open Files. 

3. Then click on the imported object.  

4. Select the scale icon located on the left and scale your object to the appropriate size. 

5. Select the 3D Potter Settings on the right. 

6. Under the quality tab, make sure the 'Line Width' matches the size of the nozzel on the 3D Potter.   

7. If you have created a clay base for your print by hand, make sure the top layers and the bottom layers are set to 0 under the shell tab.

8. In print settings, click the experimental tab at the bottom. Then make sure that the fuzzy skin box is not checked.  

9. Adjust any other print settings that you made need to change in order to safely and successfully complete your print.

10. When you have finished adjusting your print settings, in the bottom right select 'Slice', and then 'Preview'. 

11. Then click 'Save to File and save the G-code file to your folder.  



1. Open Simplify 3D 

2. Click Ctrl + I to import your file. 

3. Double-click your model to bring up the scale panel. 

4. Scale your model to the correct size. 

5. Click on 'Edit Process Settings' in the bottom left hand corner.  

6. In the Extruder tab, check the Nozzel diameter value and make sure the extruder being used by the 3D Potter matches. 

7. Then click on the 'Speeds' tab and make sure the 'Default Printing Speed' is set to 3000 mm/min.

8. When you are finished adjust the FFF Settings, press 'OK'. 

9. In the left hand corner, click 'Prepare to Print'. 

10. Check your print t make sure everything will print as desired according to the preview. 

11. If everything looks good, click 'Save Toolpaths to Disk" in the bottom left corner to export your G-code.



